[THEME MUSIC PLAYING]
>> The holistic world of healing
includes plants and herbs,
channeling energy, as well as
both spiritual and physical
modalities.
Healers are
multidimensional beings,
who dance between the realms
of the seen and unseen.
These individuals
have the ability
to facilitate a shift in
people, offering them insight
and support, reconnecting people
with themselves and the greater
collective, healing the
world one person at a time,
healing from the other side.
>> Four years ago, I
finally found my calling,
which is womb healing
and fertility massage.
I went through to London from
South Africa in October 2017
to do a specialized course
in fertility and womb healing
massage.
And while I was in England,
my life changed completely.
I finally did find my calling.
And three weeks after actually
completing the course,
I fell pregnant with
my incredible blessing
of a daughter.
I am a holistic therapist
and semitologist,
and I've been in the industry
for about 16 years now.
I do reflexology.
I do energy healing.
I do sand bowls over the body.
I rebalance the chakras.
I pick up different
imbalances when I'm actually
working physically on the body.
I can tell when
there's an imbalance.
My nose'd actually
twinge, tickles.
So when I'm working
on my clients,
I know when to actually focus
on a specific area, when
my nose actually twinges.
What I've been
finding a lot nowadays
is that I've been
working a lot with women.
Because, obviously, with
the womb healing, as well
as the fertility side
of things, it's mainly
guided towards the women.
And we found that--
well, I find that there's
a lot of past
traumas that actually
are stored in the womb itself.
And that's-- manifests into
different types of disorders
and diseases, like your
endometriosis or your PCOS
or heavy bleeds or anything to
do with the actual womb itself.
I've incorporated
crystal singing
bowls into my treatments.
Well, just for relaxation,
to raise your vibration,
to help just completely
rebalance the whole body.
>> In Eastern philosophy,
the womb is also referred
to as the sacral chakra.
It is thought that
blockages in this chakra
are directly linked to the
outcomes in one's life.
Modalities, like song bowls, are
used by Bronwyn and many others
to help clear stuck energy.
>> So when I am--
have an appointment
with a client,
I do an intensive
consultation with them
to see what is going on with
them spiritually, emotionally,
if there's any traumas, as
well as physically as well.
So because I'm an attached
therapist, a holistic touch
therapist, I will be
massaging the body.
And I'll pick up different
types of imbalances,
as I work with my clients.
Once I've completed
the actual massage,
I bring out my tools, which are
my singing bowls, my shakers,
my Tibetan bowls.
And I will do a treatment
around the energetic field
and work through the aura
around, do some chanting.
It just depends
specifically on the client,
what their needs are.
So my client that's going to
be arriving in a few minutes.
Her name is Dinel.
I'm very excited to
actually meet her.
I haven't met her before yet.
And I'm going to have
a quick chat with her
to see what we can work
with, with the tools.
And yeah, I'm excited to
actually get my hands on her.
>> Coming up, on the
other side, we meet Dinel,
who is seeking answers for the
pain and trauma in her life.
Feeling lost and
overwhelmed, she
comes to Bronwyn in search of
an alternative path forward.
Join us, as we journey
to the other side.
Often being pulled
into darkness is what
compels many to seek the light.
>> Later on today I
will be meeting Bronwyn.
With everything that I've
been going through, especially
considering that there's
stress and I've lost myself
during the process,
I'm looking forward
to receiving the healing.
Basically, I've
never experienced
this in terms of the process
or techniques that she uses.
I'm very excited because I
really do have a lot going on.
So this is a moment that
would be a life changing one,
I believe, because it is a
time to heal body, mind, soul,
and spirit.
So it would be very
interesting to find out
how she'd be able to guide me
through this whole process.
>> Right now, I'm going to ask
you just to have a seat for me
on the bed.
>> OK.
>> We're just going to go
through a few things together.
All right, so tell me,
Dinel, how old are you?
>> I'm 33.
>> 33.
Perfect.
And when's your birthday?
Valentine's Day.
So that'll be 14th.
>> So tell me, Dinel,
what's going on?
Where are you sitting
emotionally at the moment,
if you've got any tension
stress, so tell me
a little bit about you, where
you are right at this moment.
>> I'm feeling-- how can I say--
I feel like I want to give
up because a lot is happening
in terms of looking for
work, having broken up
with my husband.
Well, we were married
traditionally,
so after 7 and 1/2 years
now, I'm left with a daughter
that I need to raise alone.
Financially, I'm not stable.
So everything is
just overwhelming.
And I just feel like, why?
Why?
>> So heart chakra is--
yeah, I tapped into your energy
bin before I even met you,
and I kept on seeing
the color green, which
is your heart chakra.
And even though
you're wearing yellow,
which is your solar plexus.
But solar plexus is right
here underneath your heart.
And that is where you
store all of your emotions.
So I can see that you are quite
heartbroken at the moment.
Yeah, quite raw, stressed out.
>> Sure.
>> Yeah.
>> That's true.
>> Where are you
holding your stress?
Are you feeling it in your
back, in your lower back?
>> My lower back, my shoulders.
>> The world on your shoulders.
And how long ago did you
break up with your ex?
>> This is only
three months ago now.
>> OK, so that's
very, very fresh.
Yeah.
OK.
We're going to work
with this energy.
We're going to shift it.
And yesterday was a
new moon in Scorpio,
and Scorpio is a water sign.
And that's why I can see
you're getting quite emotional.
And let's let the waters flow.
It's really, really,
really cathartic
to actually have
a proper good cry.
Have you cried?
>> I have to hold it in because
my daughter needs to see that
strong mother.
And when I do cry, I just don't
need to dwell on it for long.
>> So you're doing it
in secret from her.
How old is your daughter?
>> She's three years old.
>> Three, OK.
I personally know what
you're going through.
I have got divorced
three years ago
and split up with
my ex-husband when
I was four months pregnant.
So I feel your sense of that
you need to be powerful,
and you need to stand in
your power for your daughter.
But you can also show her
your vulnerability as well.
So she needs to know
what's going on with you.
>> I'm just tired, I've
been looking for you.
>> But you're not.
You're really not.
Everything happens the
way it's supposed to.
So you were meant to be
coming here to me today.
Let's help you.
I'm going to help you
heal your heart, OK?
We're going to
shift this energy.
I'm going to break the cycle
and heal this trauma, OK?
Because you are a
beautiful, beautiful woman.
You know that?
>> Sometimes.
I know sometimes.
>> I know it doesn't feel
like it, but you are.
And I mean, things happen
the way they supposed to.
And you will get over this.
So I'm going to do a bit of
breathwork with you today.
I'm going to release this
energy, this hurt, this trauma,
and we're going to shift it, OK?
>> OK
>> You ready?
>> I'm ready.
>> Are you ready to receive?
>> I'm ready to receive.
>> OK.
I need to start a new page.
OK, Dinel, so what I'm
going to get you to do now
is we're going to be doing
a massage to start off with.
And so I'm going to get you
to get undressed for me,
and you can leave your underwear
on, so you're not exposed.
And you can cover
yourself with these towels
because I'm going to do
a back massage on you.
And then, we're
going to be using
my beautiful singing bowls
to raise your vibration, OK?
So I'm going to be playing
them over your body as well.
And I'm going to
be playing bells
and little shakers and
all the different things
to shift this stagnant energy.
>> OK.
>> And then I'm going to get
you to roll over onto your back,
and we'll have all the towels
and everything in its place.
And then I'm going to do a neck
and shoulder massage for you
as well.
>> OK
>> So let's do this.
>> Coming up on the other
side, through touch and sound
therapy, Bronwyn helps Dinel
let go of past events and awaken
to a brighter future.
>> Just shifting your
energy a little bit,
getting you into
your physical body.
Take a deep breath in for me.
Ex-husband is sitting here
right in your shoulder.
You get headaches at all?
>> No.
>> Straight up your neck.
What colors do you see when
I'm pushing her over here?
>> Dark blue.
Are you feeling a little
bit fluish at the moment?
>> No.
>> It's sitting in
your throat, sinuses.
Sinuses is all the
emotion of irritation.
He irritated with aches.
I'm sure your throat chakra
just opened up completely.
Can you feel that?
It's reverberating.
Amazing.
Now, I'm going to ask you to
take a deep breath in for me.
And imagine a light coming
through your crown chakra
to your third eye, throat,
and down to your heart.
How are you feeling?
>> Lighter.
A little lighter.
>> I'm going to get you
just to hold the stone.
It's a little hot.
This is a carnelian.
It's the womb stone, OK?
It's to release any stuck trauma
that's stuck in your womb.
>> OK.
>> Let's give your womb
a little bit of love.
>> Yeah
>> She's just gone
through a breakup.
She's getting
divorced from her ex,
and she's got a
three-year-old daughter.
And there's lots of
stress and tension
that was sitting all in this
almost like a cloud on that
area.
And when I tapped into
her grief energy spot,
I could feel there was a
male energy that was like--
It was very, very hot,
so my heart actually
started feeling sore
when I was massaging it.
And I did the clearing,
and it lifted,
like almost
immediately, when I was
doing the green heart, the
sand bowl, the singing bowl.
When I would-- completed
the treatment, my carnelian
crystal, that's in
the shape of a heart,
it was shouting at
me to be picked up.
And I picked it up, and I asked
her to hold it on her womb,
just to send her love--
send some love to her womb.
And after doing the treatment
on Dinel, she was sitting there.
And I asked her.
I said, what is this
male energy that
was sitting in your shoulder?
I said to her, it didn't feel
like an old-- like an adult
energy.
And she said, oh,
yeah, in 2017, she
had actually had a miscarriage.
And she had a stillborn
baby, which was a little boy.
And it really, really
rocked her so much
that she felt like her
life would not continue,
if she did not
have another baby.
And that's when she fell
pregnant with her daughter
straight after.
>> When we first started, I felt
a bit of pain on my lower back
and my shoulders.
And then as you went
through with the sounds,
I lost myself in the sound.
I was relaxed.
I took a journey.
It felt like I was
taking a journey, just
walking through the sound
and just lost myself in it.
By the time we were
done, I felt new.
My message to Bronwyn is
I wish you all the best,
and may you continue to heal a
lot of souls, a lot of bodies.
And yeah, I guess
the world would
be a much better place and a
very positive space for people
to be in the state
that I'm in right now.
I can't explain it.
I really can't describe it.
I came in here.
I felt very heavy.
My heart had gone through a lot.
And right now, I feel like
I can tackle the world.
>> I think after the treatments,
the proof is in the pudding.
Dinel said the first thing was
that she feels so much happier,
and she even looked lighter.
Her eyes were glowing, and
she didn't have this puffiness
around her eyes when I first
started doing the treatments.
She felt this like
cloud around her.
But I have recommended that
she do come for a room healing
massage with me as well.
So I hope to see her for
a future appointment.
>> Life can pose many seemingly
unanswerable questions.
The known may cast shadows
on our perspective.
Sometimes, it is helpful to look
beyond what is, to look at life
from another perspective,
to look from the other side.
[MUSIC PLAYING]